hey guys is do two for cure and welcome
to the fifth episode in my weapon guide
series in today's episode we will be
breaking down the mp7 personally I
prefer the pdw-57 and the MSMC
but after the recent patches and the
nerfs that have happened I find the mp7
to be the best gun currently alright
let's find out some details about this
gun this gun was one of the most
dominant submachine guns in mw3 due to
its low recoil but in black ops 2 the
recoil has significantly increased the
mp7 is unlocked at level 4 and is
unlocked along with that PW 57 next the
mp7 is time to kill is 4 bullets at
close range 5 bullets at medium range
and around 7 bullets at a distance the
mp7 is similar to the vector k10 in
stats but due to the mp7 s high rate of
fire the vector has better accuracy the
mp7 is equal to the type 25 in terms of
rounds per minute and equal and damage
at short ranges the mp7 s magazine size
is 40 without an extended clip on and 54
with extended clip on I would say that
the magazine size is pretty good for a
submachine gun because it is between the
magazine size of the pdw-57 and the MSMC
next the reload time on the mp7 is
pretty fast for many of the submachine
guns in black ops 2 the reload time is
1.72 seconds with the loaded clip and
2.4 seconds with an empty magazine and
finally the mp7 is rate of fire is about
937 rounds per minute and 14 20 hours
per minute with rapid fire on now I will
show you guys the recoil of the mp7 from
this we can see that the mp7 has a lot
of vertical recoil at close range of
spread is minimal but at a distance the
bullets shoot randomly as I've said
previously vertical recoil is very easy
to control and very predictable for this
reason I recommend using this
only in short-range battles the
attachments that I would recommend using
on the mp7 are the foregrip and
suppressor the mp7 has a lot of recoil
which is why the fore grip can be useful
as it will make it easier for you to
kill your enemies and can reduce the
recoil significantly the suppressor is
very useful also because they can keep
you off enemy radars all right so I hope
you guys enjoyed this weapon breakdown
on the mp7
and it would mean a lot if you guys left
me alike and also don't forget to
subscribe for more alright well that
concludes this episode and I'll see you
guys later